CS-248 Web and Internet Programming
Assignment Web 1: 50 Points

Due: Monday February 1st before class in dropbox for Web 1 on Learn@UW-Stout. 

Assignment: Create a new web page with xhtml 1.0 or higher. You will create a table to 
represent your spring 2016 semester schedule. Verify xhtml requirements met through validation.
 
	1)	Do not format this page, include only content. Use the code view in Dreamweaver and not
		the Design feature. You need to write your own xhtml code without any styling. The 
		Design view will automatically add styles. (5 points)
	2)	Create a primary header (h1) with your name. (5 points)
	3) 	Create a sub-header (h2) describing the table. (5 points)
	4) 	Create a table with six columns and nine rows. Include the attribute border="border" in
		the opening table tag. (<table border="border">) (20 points)
		a) In the first row create table headers to display time and then days of the week. 
		b) In the first column create table headers for the normal class times for Stout. See 
			the example table below for the times to use in column 1.
		c) Enter your schedule for the fall with the following minimum requirements.
			i)	 The schedule must include at least four classes. (Add some of interest, if you
				 have less than four.)
			ii)	 At least one class or block of time must span over multiple rows. (If needed, 
				 make up an example of study time or activity that will span over two hours)
			iii) At least one class or block of time must span over multiple columns. Any class
				 or activity that meets at the same time two or more days in a row must be in a
				 single cell. If you do not have an activity that meets at the same time two or
				 more days in a row, create one (ie. lunch, sleep if no 8 am class,…)
	5)	Add notes of the classroom for your classes using an unordered list (5 points)
	6)	Validate your file using Dreamweaver or at http://validator.w3.org/#validate-by-upload 
		to confirm proper nesting of xhtml tags. (10 points)
